---
layout: post
title: New start
---

Hi, everyone. This is my first new post since 2019. That's been due to a variety of reasons:

- Being busy with a new job
- Not being able to write about the most interesting work that I've done due to an NDA and security concerns
- Not having much to write about outside of the work things I couldn't write about on my personal blog
- No longer going to conferences or meetups as frequently

Some of this is hopefully changing, as I'm going to be starting a new job next week at Domino Data Lab. I can't promise at this point if I'll be updating this blog more frequently, but I can see if I have any notes from the past 3 years that can be turned into good posts. Although I didn't update this blog while contracting with Microsoft, I was certainly very busy. 

I was initially assigned to document security software for Linux and Macs, but that quickly changed focus to writing about various exploits and attack groups. Among other things, I contributed heavily to Microsoft's internal and customer-facing documentation concerning the SolarWinds attack, Log4J, and most recently, SpringShell. 

Like my contract with Microsoft, my new job will mostly be internal-facing; however, the company culture is more fluid and they'll also cover costs if I choose to attend classes or conferences. I'll be starting the position in exactly one week, and I'm excited! I loved my team at MS, but I just didn't have oportunity to grow while on contract. They were all wonderful people to work with, and I'll miss them.